Quinta da Barracuda - Self Check-In Instructions

The keys will be in the Key Box labeled 1/2. The code to open it is 5377/5388.
 
Once you have the keys, either use the blue fob to open the pedestrian gate or press the A button on the electronic controller to open the vehicle gate. Go in and proceed until you reach the building, approx. 50 metres. There are two entrances into the building and the main lobby is through the glass doors further to the left.

Head through the glass doors into the main lobby, turn left/right towards the elevators which you will see after walking about 20 metres. Press the button for floor 0/1/2/3 and go up. Come out of the elevator and turn right/left. Walk along th corridor until you reach the door to your apartment.
 

Clube do Monaco - Self Check-In Instructions

    MON 2: Go down the stairs. At the bottom, bear right into a corridor and follow it until the end. Your apartment is number 2. It will be on your right. There is a Master Lock key holder by the door. The code is 4332. The key will be inside.   
    
    MON 4: Go down the stairs. At the bottom, bear left making a U-shaped turn and follow until the end. Your apartment is number 4. It will be on your right. There is a Master Lock key holder by the door. The code is 0404. The key will be inside.

    MON 8: Go past them by bearing right. You will see a couple of vending machines. Just beyond them you will see some apartment doors. Your apartment is number 8. It will be on your left-hand side. There is a Master Lock key holder by the door. The code is 5443. The key will be inside.

    MON T: Go up the stairs and turn left. You will see a fountain and some more stairs. Head towards the fountain and, as you face it, you will see apartment T in the corner just to the left. There is a Master Lock key holder by the door. The code is 1414. The key will be inside.

    MON AA and MON AB: Go up the stairs and turn left. You will see a fountain and some more stairs. Go up those stairs as well and then look for apartment AA/AB. It will be on your left. There is a Master Lock key holder by the door. The code is 7676/UNKNOWN. The key will be inside.
   
    MON AE: Go up the stairs and turn left. You will see a fountain and some more stairs. Go up those stairs as well and then look for your apartment AE. It will be on your right. There is a Master Lock key holder by the door. The code is 6554. The key will be inside.
   
    MON 19: Go up the stairs and turn left. You will see a fountain and some more stairs. Go up those stairs as well and then look for apartment 19. It will be on your right. There is a Master Lock key holder by the door. The code is 1919. The key will be inside.

    When unlocking the door, you may find it is a little rigid, so try pulling the handle towards you. Once you have unlocked the door, please remember to put the key back in the Master Lock key holder. You will have another 2 sets of keys waiting for you on the dining table.